Create ui-c8y-1023-9-0-enforce-fixed-5-second-auto-refresh-interval-10363-graft-release-cd.md (#3985)
SoftwareAG/c8y-docs: content/change-logs/application-enablement/ui-c8y-1023-9-0-enforce-fixed-5-second-auto-refresh-interval-10363-graft-release-cd.md

---
date: ""

> title: enforce fixed 5-second auto-refresh interval for dashboards

Reviewer: ```suggestion
title: Enforced fixed 5-second auto-refresh interval for dashboards
```

product_area: Application enablement & solutions
change_type:
  - value: change-QHu1GdukP
    label: Feature
component:
  - value: component-YbYJ3gLU_
    label: Web SDK
build_artifact:
  - value: tc-pjJiURv9Y
    label: ui-c8y
ticket: MTM-65229
version: 1023.9.0
---

> Context: Previously, live mode allowed users to set different refresh intervals, which led to inconsistent behavior across dashboards. Change: Based on initial feedback, live mode now enforces a fixed refresh interval of 5 seconds or realtime updates, depending on the widget type. Impact: Dashboard refresh behavior is now consistent and predictable, with each widget refreshing at either 5 seconds or realtime based on its type.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Previously, users could set different refresh intervals for dashboards. This led to inconsistent behavior across dashboards. To avoid this, the live mode now enforces a fixed refresh interval of 5 seconds or real-time updates, depending on the widget type. This improves the user experience as the dashboard refresh behavior is now consistent and predictable, with each widget refreshing either after 5 seconds or in real time based on its type.
```
